Ruling on eating or drinking during the day in Ramadaan
God bless you! A question that says: What is the ruling on one who breaks his fast during the day in Ramadaan and completes the rest?
His day is fasting, and what is the ruling on someone who breaks his fast in the fast of the qada
but he completes the rest of his day
Also fasting?
If a fasting person eats or drinks during Ramadaan
or in Ramadan, or in a vow or in a mosque
Kafarat, and its fast is correct,
complete it and nothing on it, Because it is proven in the correct about
The Prophet ﷺ He said: Whoever forgets when he is fasting, eat or drink, let him fast, then God will feed him and drink him
Thus came the correct
This is one of the saheeh ahaadeeth on the Messenger of Allaah
And in the other word outside the correct when the ruler and others: who breaks the fast in Ramadan forgotten